Q1. Part I

Some apps are designed to have a smooth transition between their launch image and the first view to appear on screen (for an example, checkout 1Password's iOS app). To do this in our app, we will add a full-screen UIImageView to our first view. When our view appears on screen it will look exactly like the splash screen, then we can fade it out. Our designer has told us that the fade out should take 0.8 seconds and that it should go faster at the end. Which of the following UIView animation calls performs the animation we want?

```
[UIView animateWithDuration:0.8
                      delay:0.0
                    options:UIViewAnimationOptionCurveEaseIn
                 animations:^{
                     self.imageView.alpha = 0.0;
                 }
                 completion:^(BOOL finished){
                     [self.imageView removeFromSuperView];
}];
```

Part II

In some older versions of iOS, pressing the home button would make the active app's window shrink down to the centre of the screen as the the app icons moved in around it. We want to implement this in animation for our spash screen. Once the first view is ready, the spash screen will shrink down to the center of the screen. Which of the following animations produce the desired effect?

```
[UIView animateWithDuration:0.8
                      delay:0.0
                    options:UIViewAnimationOptionCurveEaseIn
                 animations:^{
                     self.imageView.alpha = 0.0;
                     self.imageView.frame = CGRectMake(0.0,
                                                       0.0,
                                                       self.view.center.x,
                                                       self.view.center.y);
                 }
                 completion:^(BOOL finished){
                     [self.imageView removeFromSuperview];
                 }];
```

Q2:  How does the operating system find which view a particular event (say, a tap) occurred in? Write pseudocode to explain the steps.

iOS finds which view is involved in a particular event using the UIControlEvents and touchesBegan

Q3: What is the contentOffset property of UIScrollView?

>The point at which the origin of the content view is offset from the origin of the scroll view.

Q4: If you open Xcode and type `NSAttributedString myAttributedString = [[NSAttributedString alloc] i`, one of Xcode's auto-suggest methods will be `initWithFileURL:options:documentAttributes:error:`. But if you look at the `NSAttributedString` class reference. Find out where the extra methods come from and why they aren't in the documentation.

(a) It was in the additions reference and (b) it was deprecated.
