Q1
a) What responsibilities does a programmer have when they want to register for a notification?
- posting a notification
- observing a notification

b) Name at least 2 big differences between notifications and delegation.

>You can think of delegates like a telephone call. You call up your buddy and specifically want to talk to them. You can say something, and they can respond. You can talk until you hang up the phone. Delegates, in much the same way, create a link between two objects, and you don't need to know what type the delegate will be, it simply has to implement the protocol. On the other hand, NSNotifications are like a radio station. They broadcast their message to whoever is willing to listen. The radio station can't receive feedback from it's listeners (unless it has a telephone, or delegate). The listeners can ignore the message, or they can do something with it. NSNotifications allow you to send a message to any objects, but you won't have a link between them to communicate back and forth. If you need this communication, you should probably implement a delegate. Otherwise, NSNotifications are simpler and easier to use, but may get you into trouble.

(from http://stackoverflow.com/a/5325496) 

- delegates have to be implemented and conformed to.
- notifications are sent out into the abyss and are available to anything that wants to listen.

c) Do notifications occur synchronously or asynchronously?
synchronously. http://stackoverflow.com/a/16298833

Q2: What's wrong with the following code?

```
[self setMySexyBlock:^{ [self mySexyMethod]; }];
```

It will maintain a strong reference to self which leads to a strong reference cycle and poor memory management.
A fixed version would look like: `[self setMySexyBlock:^{ [_weak self mySexyMethod]; }];` (i think)

Q4: Provide at least 3 reasons why using properties (which automatically give you accessor methods) is advantageous to ivars?

- you can access them outside of the object
- you get getters/setters
- Changing the value of the property will call all the necessary KVO methods so that other classes can get notified when the value changes. (http://stackoverflow.com/a/11478172)
