Q1. We are writing an application that makes use of a custom view. This is the header file of our custom view class:

```objectivec
@interface LLView : UIView

@property (nonatomic, weak) UIViewController* parentViewController;

-(instancetype)initWithFrame:(CGRect)frame parent:(UIViewController*)parentVC;
-(void)configureViewWithObject:(LLObject*)object;

@end
```

Our view also detects taps. When it is tapped, it runs the following code:

```objectivec
LLViewController* nextViewController = [[LLViewController alloc] init];
[self.parentViewController presentViewController:nextViewController];
```

We have a nagging suspicion that this might not conform to MVC rules. Can you explain how it violates MVC design principles? How would you fix it?

Answer:

`LLView` does not conform to the rules of MVC because it knows about the view controller that it is contained in and what's coming next in the navigation hierarchy. This can be fixed by calling the `- (void)loadView;` method. I believe the other reason this example does not conform to MVC is that it has a `configureViewWithObject` method. Depending on what that method does.

Q2: 

a) List at least 3 different attributes you can give to a property when you declare it. Explain what each attribute does.

- `nonatomic`
Nonatomic allows multiple sources to access/modify the property at once.

- `weak`
Weak is mainly used with `IBOutlet`'s and delegate declarations. It's for a reference that you do not want to retain. - This works because the child object only needs to exist as long as the parent object does.

b) Why should we use properties instead of ivars?
We should use ivars instead of properties when we do not want to have getters or setters or public/external access.

c) What attribute should a delegate property have? Why?

`@property (nonatomic, weak) id<DelegateName> delegate;`

Nonatomic because we want to allow multiple sources to access the delegate at once (maybe) and because you only want to keep delegates around for as long as the parent object is.

Q3: How does iOS find the right view on the screen that is supposed to handle a touch?

iOS can find the right view on the screen when there is a subclass on that view with the `- (void)touchesBegan:(NSSet *)touches withEvent:(UIEvent *)event` properly handling the touch event.

Q4: 
a) What are some scenarios that might cause an app to move to inactive state?

incoming phone call, multi-tasking, lockscreen, etc

b) How is your application notified of state changes?
app delegate methods
 
 ```objectivec
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions;
- (void)applicationWillResignActive:(UIApplication *)application;
- (void)applicationDidEnterBackground:(UIApplication *)application;
- (void)applicationWillEnterForeground:(UIApplication *)application;
- (void)applicationDidBecomeActive:(UIApplication *)application;
- (void)applicationWillTerminate:(UIApplication *)application;
```

Q5: Name at least 2 methods of the UIResponder class. Explain the role of each in the context of the responder chain.

`touchesBegan:withEvent:`
Touches began is called when the user touches the screen with their finger or the device receives notice of a motion event.


`touchesEnded:withEvent:`
Touches began is called when the user removes their finger from the screen or the device receives notice that a motion event has finished.
