1. What is an instance variable?

An instance variable (or Ivar) is a variable that is owned by the instance. Ivars can not be accessed outside of the class they were created in.

2. The 4 Pillars of Object Oriented Programming are Abstraction, Encapsulation, Inheritance and Polymorphism. Describe each one.

- Abstraction is the concept of describing something in a simpler way. Abstract away from the details to focus on what is important. One way abstraction is achieved, is through subclassing.

- Encapsulation refers to the state of objects. Encapsulation is built around the idea that you do not need to know how a function works, but only the required parameters and information it returns back. 

- Inheritance is the concept of having different levels of functionality based on need. The methods defined in a superclass are accessible to any subclass, but sister classes can not access the (private) methods of each other.

- Polymorphism describes a pattern in which classes have different functionality while sharing a common interface. I believe protocols are an example of this.

3. Read below:

a) As my next business venture, I want to open a bicycle rental shop, and I want an app to help me organize it. The app will need to keep a list of all bicycles in inventory. At any given time, a bicycle may be in one of 3 states: waiting for maintenance, ready to rent, or rented.

I have a few mechanics, each of whom can only fix 1 bike at a time. Each time the mechanic finishes with one bike, it becomes ready to rent, and each time a customer returns a bike, it needs to be checked for maintenance. When a mechanic is done fixing a bike, he must be assigned another one waiting for maintenance.

If you were to write an app for my shop, how would you design your object model?

I would have an array of bicycles and an array for bicycles that are waiting to be checked. Bicycles would move between arrays after a period of time.

b) Now, assume my mechanics take 1 hour to fix each bike. But to keep business moving, I also want to hire junior mechanics, each of whom can fix a bike every two hours. How does this change your object model?

I would have a base mechanics class and two subclasses for the more experienced mechanic and the junior. Time values would be set in there and depending on a timer for each, the bicycles would still move in between arrays.
