Q1. How do you stop an app from reacting to rotations?

Disable all of the orientations in the "Device Orientation" section of your general project settings. 

Q2. Give an example of an app that uses a:

- Tweetbot uses a `UITabBarController`.
- Snapchat uses a `UIPageViewController`.
- Settings.app uses a `UINavigationController`.

Q3. If I close your weather application and open it again, will viewDidAppear fire or viewDidLoad or both? What if turn my phone off and then on again?

If I close the weather application (without closing it in multi-tasking) and reopen it, viewDidAppear will be ran, but viewDidLoad will not. If the phone was turned off, both would be ran.

Q4. (a) What is a "fat" viewcontroller? Why might you not want a "fat" viewcontroller and why might it be tempting to use?

A fat view controller is when you have model, view and controller code in one view controller class. It may be tempting to do this when you do not want to conform to OOP standards and make a mess for yourself in the future. It's generally easier to put them in the right classes.

(b) Bonus: Should a fat viewcontroller go on a Subway diet?

Not even sure what this means, but I assume you mean refactoring each part of the MVC-pattern into their own classes (or at least the model stuff).

Q5. When using fast moving transitions from one viewcontroller to another some users experienced motion sickness. How would you change your app to adjust to these people? How would you let users decide how your app reacts to them? How should your app work with other impairements like colour blindness, hearing impaired and more?

Apple has supplied accessibility APIs to disable transparencies, slow/disable animations, grayscale mode, etc.
