Q1. You can recall the CRUD acronym from core data. What HTTP verbs or "methods" (get, post, delete, put) relate to which of the functions in CRUD (create, read, update, delete)

- create -> post
- read -> get
- update -> put
- delete -> delete

(http://www.restapitutorial.com/lessons/httpmethods.html)

Q2. What do the following common HTTP status codes mean? How would you handle each result after receiving it from your webservice, ie, you made a request and received this status code. What do you do now? 

a.200

Continue on as normal

b.403

Debug error on why you are trying to access something that is forbidden

c.401 

Retry the request with a suitable Authorization header.

d.500 

Server may be down? Tell the user to try again later

e.404 

Debug error on why what you're looking for couldn't be found.

f.408

>408 errors are often difficult to resolve. They typically involve one-off variations in system workload or operations. If you see persistent 408 errors, the first thing to consider is the workload on the Web server - particularly around the time the 408 errors were generated. If this is light, then you also need to consider workload on the client system. If the computer systems on both ends of the socket connection seem to be running normally, then temporary Internet surges may be to blame.

Improve how your server handles system workloads? Tell the user too many requests are going through?

Q3. What is an HTTP header field? Describe these commonly used fields and what data is passed in them.

a. User-Agent 

>a user agent is software (a software agent) that is acting on behalf of a user. 

Information about the device that is sending the request.

b. Authorization 

A user agent that wishes to authenticate itself with a server
Authorization  = "Authorization" ":" credentials

c. Accept 

The Accept request-header field can be used to specify certain media types which are acceptable for the response. 

d. Content-Type

>The Content-Type entity-header field indicates the media type of the entity-body sent to the recipient or, in the case of the HEAD method, the media type that would have been sent had the request been a GET.


Q4. What is an API and what does it stand for? What does RESTful mean as it relates to an API?

- >An API is a set of routines, protocols, and tools for building software applications. An API expresses a software component in terms of its operations, inputs, outputs, and underlying types.

- application programming interface

- >REST is an architecture style for designing networked applications. The idea is that, rather than using complex mechanisms such as CORBA, RPC or SOAP to connect between machines, simple HTTP is used to make calls between machines.

Q5. What is JSON? I am writing an API for my pizza company. In raw JSON data, a pizza is represented by JSON data similar to this:

{ "id": 1, "name": "Lighthouse Labs Special", "toppings": ["mushrooms", "pepperoni"] }

But we forgotten to add some fields like the size of the pizza, price of the pizza, and crust type. What would the JSON data look like after adding these fields? What other fields might our pizza object have? How might we represent a customer object in our API?

JSON is a light weight data interchange system. 

{ "id": 1, "name": "Lighthouse Labs Special", "toppings": ["mushrooms", "pepperoni"], "price": 32.50 }
