Q1 a) How are collection views and table views different?

`UITableView`'s are used for vertical scrolling with one item per row. `UICollectionView`'s can be used for either vertical or horizontal scrolling and can have multiple items per row. Collection view's are also more customisable and have endless possibilities.

b) How does the collection view allow you to customize the way it arranges its cells?

Through subclassing `UICollectionViewLayout`.

Q2 What are the different reusable views in a collection view and what are they for?

- UICollectionElementKindSectionHeader
(above the cell)

- UICollectionElementKindSectionFooter
(below the cell)

- UICollectionViewCell
(the cell)

Q3 What are the methods you MUST implement when subclassing `UICollectionViewLayout` and what is the responsibility of each?

- collectionViewContentSize
>Subclasses must override this method and use it to return the width and height of the collection view’s content. These values represent the width and height of all the content, not just the content that is currently visible. The collection view uses this information to configure its own content size for scrolling purposes. ([link](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UICollectionViewLayout_class/#//apple_ref/occ/instm/UICollectionViewLayout/collectionViewContentSize))

To declare teh width and height of all the content that will be presented in the collection view.


- layoutAttributesForElementsInRect:
>Subclasses must override this method and use it to return layout information for all items whose view intersects the specified rectangle. Your implementation should return attributes for all visual elements, including cells, supplementary views, and decoration views. ([link](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UICollectionViewLayout_class/#//apple_ref/occ/instm/UICollectionViewLayout/layoutAttributesForElementsInRect:))

Used to return layout information for all items whose view intersects a specified rectangle.

- layoutAttributesForItemAtIndexPath:
>Subclasses must override this method and use it to return layout information for items in the collection view. You use this method to provide layout information only for items that have a corresponding cell. Do not use it for supplementary views or decoration views. ([link](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UICollectionViewLayout_class/#//apple_ref/occ/instm/UICollectionViewLayout/layoutAttributesForItemAtIndexPath:))

Used to return layout information for items in the collection view.
