Q1. When it comes to saving data, the acronyms ACID and CRUD are important. What do these acronymns mean?

- atomicity

>Atomicity means that you can guarantee that all of a transaction happens, or none of it does; you can do complex operations as one single unit, all or nothing, and a crash, power failure, error, or anything else won't allow you to be in a state in which only some of the related changes have happened.

- consistency

>Consistency means that you guarantee that your data will be consistent; none of the constraints you have on related data will ever be violated.

- isolation

>Isolation means that one transaction cannot read data from another transaction that is not yet completed. If two transactions are executing concurrently, each one will see the world as if they were executing sequentially, and if one needs to read data that is written by another, it will have to wait until the other is finished.

- durability

>Durability means that once a transaction is complete, it is guaranteed that all of the changes have been recorded to a durable medium (such as a hard disk), and the fact that the transaction has been completed is likewise recorded.

Found from http://stackoverflow.com/a/3740307/5236819.

- create

>this part refers to constructors and factory methods that 'create' new data objects for you to use, or add new records to a dabase.

- read

>these are the getter methods in your code. Since you should never expose internal variables outside the class, you provide getters so other code can get information about the object's state. This is also reading the fields of various database entries.

- update

>these are the setter methods, complimentary to the getters for instances where other code also needs to be able to modify the object or database entry.

- delete

>this refers to the object's destructor, the piece of code that frees up any allocated resources and ensures that the object can be disposed of cleanly, or that removes the record from the database.

Found from http://stackoverflow.com/a/22135291/5236819.

Q2. What is multi-threading? Why might you want to execute complicated Core Data commands involving a lot of data off of the main thread?

Multi-threading is the ability to share the load of a task on multiple "threads" to improve efficiency. The main thread is usually the UI thread. You would maybe want to execute complicated core data commands on the main thread if you did not want to risk the possibility of the UI and model going out of sync.

Q3. Core Data saves a lot of "boilerplate code". Describe boiler plate code and why do you want less of it in your application?

"Boilerplate code is the sections of code that have to be included in many places with little or no alteration."

Basically code that you have to copy and paste everywhere. It is bad because it goes against OOP. Encapsulation and abstracting methods into general functionality is better than copy pasting it everywhere.

Q4. Describe fault handling as it relates to Core Data. How does it reduce memory usage of your app?

CoreData's out-of-the-box fault handling is basically calling `abort();` which crashes the app. This is not ideal in a production situation and we should implement actual error handling that informs the user of an issue.

Q5. Using Core Data you need to carefully manage the relationships of various entities. How can Cascade Delete rules cause you to lose data on deletion of parent entities? When would this be desirable?

You would be able to lose data on a parent entity if those other parent entities shared a relationship. Cascading delete rules would have the child entry removed even if other areas use it if it was asked to by any of the other parent/privileged entities.
